

Change.org



Dear Seyed Behnam,

What if companies like Netflix offered free streaming to help Americans stay home? Minneapolis college student Philip Kolas started a petition asking for free streaming for 60 days because he believes it will save thousands of lives. Click here to automatically add your name to his petition.


Sign now with one click

For social distancing to work, Americans have to agree to stay inside, to keep the most vulnerable among us safe. For many, it means not seeing close friends and family. Some are out of work and completely isolated. More than 35 million Americans live alone. 

For families with kids, educational content and entertainment could be a lifeline, and minimize the disruption and trauma that children feel. 

Philip’s creative solution is asking streaming media services like Netflix, Disney+, Amazon Prime and others to offer 60 days of free streaming media to help people stay at home. Because the more people stay home, the more lives will be saved. 




Recently, the Associated Press reported that Netflix gained 16 million customers this quarter, the biggest quarterly gain in the history of the company. So Philip believes they can afford to offer free streaming to help Americans thrive in isolation.

Time and time again, we’ve proven that people can push companies to do more for the communities they serve. Ruth’s Chris Steak House returned a $20M loan meant for small businesses after 260,000+ people demanded it. Companies are switching their factories to produce masks. Essential workers are getting hazard pay from their employers. 

In these extraordinary times we need corporations to listen to people and offer extraordinary solutions, and many are stepping up to the plate.

At the end of the day, we’re depending on individuals to keep making the choice to socially distance and isolate themselves in quarantine. The longer the shutdowns continue, the harder it gets. Free streaming could make this a little easier, and if it pushes some people to stay home longer, it will save countless lives. 


Sign now with one click

Click here to automatically add your name to Philip’s petition.  Ask Netflix, Amazon Prime, and Hulu to do everything they can to make this unusual situation a little more realistic for all of us.




Visit petition page

The person (or organization) who started this petition is not affiliated with Change.org. Change.org did not create this petition and is not responsible for the petition content.




Unsubscribe from emails like this
Unsubscribe from all Change.org emails
Manage your email preferences  ·  Privacy policy

We’d love to hear from you! Contact us through our help center.

Change.org  ·  548 Market St #29993, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401, USA



